bird-watcher: add "for loop" concept (#1775)
exercism/go: exercises/concept/bird-watcher/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

You are an avid bird watcher that keeps track of how many birds have visited your garden.
Usually you use a tally in a notebook to count the birds, but to better work with your data, you've digitalized the bird counts for the past weeks.

## 1. Determine the total number of birds that you counted so far

Let us start analyzing the data by getting a high level view.
Find out how many birds you counted in total since you started your logs.

Implement a function `TotalBirdCount` that accepts an slice that contains the bird count per day.
It should return the total number of birds that you counted.

```go

> var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1, 3, 0, 2, 5, 0, 1, 3, 1}

Reviewer: you only fixed this in one place, should be applied consistently for all examples

> var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1, 3, 0, 2, 5, 0, 1, 3, 1}

Reviewer 2: Fixed now.

TotalBirdCount(birdsPerDay)
// => 34
```

## 2. Calculate the number of visiting birds in a specific week

Now that you got a general feel for your bird count numbers, you want to make a more fine-grained analysis.

> Implement a function `BirdsInWeek` that accepts an array of bird counts per day and a week number.

Reviewer 2: Fixed. I noticed the hints also had some references to arrays, I also replaced them.

# Instructions

You are an avid bird watcher that keeps track of how many birds have visited your garden.

> 
> Usually you use a tally in a notebook to count the birds but you want to better work with your data.
> 
> You already digitalized the bird counts per day for the past weeks that you kept in the notebook.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Usually you use a tally in a notebook to count the birds, but to better work with your data, you've digitalized the bird counts for the past weeks.
```

> Now you want to determine the total number of birds that you counted, calculate the bird count for a specific week and correct a counting mistake.

Reviewer 3: I'd remove this in favor of the descriptions per task.

```suggestion
```

## 1. Determine the total number of birds that you counted so far

> Let us start analyzing the data by getting a high level view. Find out how many birds you counted in total since you started your logs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Let us start analyzing the data by getting a high level view.
Find out how many birds you counted in total since you started your logs.
```

> Implement a function `TotalBirdCount` that accepts an array that contains the bird count per day. It should return the total number of birds that you counted.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Implement a function `TotalBirdCount` that accepts an array that contains the bird count per day.
It should return the total number of birds that you counted.
```

```go

> 
> var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1, 3, 0, 2, 5, 0, 1, 3, 1}
> 
> TotalBirdCount(birdsPerDay)
> 
> // => 34
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1, 3, 0, 2, 5, 0, 1, 3, 1}
TotalBirdCount(birdsPerDay)
// => 34
```

```

## 2. Calculate the number of visiting birds in a specific week

Now that you got a general feel for your bird count numbers, you want to make a more fine-grained analysis.

Implement a function `BirdsInWeek` that accepts an array of bird counts per day and a week number.

> It returns the total number of birds that you counted in that specific week. You can assume weeks are always tracked completely.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
It returns the total number of birds that you counted in that specific week.
You can assume weeks are always tracked completely.
```

```go

> 
> var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1, 3, 0, 2, 5, 0, 1, 3, 1}
> 
> BirdsInWeek(birdsPerDay, 2)
> 
> // => 12
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1, 3, 0, 2, 5, 0, 1, 3, 1}
BirdsInWeek(birdsPerDay, 2)
// => 12
```

```

## 3. Fix a counting mistake

You realized that all the time you were trying to keep track of the birds, there was one bird that was hiding in a far corner of the garden.

You figured out that this bird always spent every second day in your garden.

You do not know exactly where it was in between those days but definitely not in your garden.

Your bird watcher intuition also tells you that the bird was in your garden on the first day that you tracked in your list.

Given this new information, write a function `FixBirdCountLog` that takes an array of birds counted per day as an argument and returns an array after correcting the counting mistake.

```go

> 
> var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1}
> 
> FixBirdCountLog(birdsPerDay)
> 
> // => [3 5 1 7 5 1]
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
var birdsPerDay []int = []int{2, 5, 0, 7, 4, 1}
FixBirdCountLog(birdsPerDay)
// => [3 5 1 7 5 1]
```
